Improve fdc permissions setup (#8339)
firebase/firebase-tools: CHANGELOG.md

- Increase emulator UI body parser limit to match Storage emulator maximum. (#8329)
- Fixed Data Connect setup issues for fresh databases due to IAM user not being created. (#8335)
- Fixed an issue where `ext:install` used POSIX file seperators on Windows machines. (#8326)

> - Allow FDC permissions to better handle tables owned by IAM roles. (#8339)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved Data Connect SQL permissions to better handle tables owned by IAM roles. (#8339)
```
FDC isn't an acronym that external users would know
